Add `ignoreAfterCombinators: []` to `selector-max-universal` (#6275)
stylelint/stylelint: lib/rules/selector-max-universal/README.md

/* `*` is inside `:not()`, so it is evaluated separately */
* > * .foo:not(*) {}
```

## Optional secondary options

> ### `ignoreAfterCombinators: [" ", ">", "*", "~"]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `ignoreAfterCombinators: ["array", "of", "combinators"]`
```

We use this format to describe [options that accept user-defined lists of things to ignore](https://stylelint.io/user-guide/rules/about#secondary) rather than list out the possible values as:

- there be many values, e.g. for an option like `ignoreUnits: []`
- more of the things being targeted may be added to the language, e.g. new combinators, like the shadow-piercing descendant combinator (`>>>`)

/* `*` is inside `:not()`, so it is evaluated separately */
* > * .foo:not(*) {}
```

## Optional secondary options

### `ignoreAfterCombinators: ["array", "of", "combinators"]`

Ignore universal selector if it's preceded by specified after combinators.

Given:

```json
[1, [">", "+"]]
```

> The following patterns are considered problems:
> 
> <!-- prettier-ignore -->
> ```css
> *.foo * {}
> ```
> 
> The following patters are _not_ considered problems:
> 
> <!-- prettier-ignore -->
> ```css
> *.foo + * {}
> ```
> 
> <!-- prettier-ignore -->
> ```css
> *.foo > * {}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following pattern is _not_ considered a problem:

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```css
* * > * {}
```

We generally only show in our docs how `ignore` options make the rule more permissive.

/* `*` is inside `:not()`, so it is evaluated separately */
* > * .foo:not(*) {}
```

## Optional secondary options

> ### `ignoreAfterCombinators: [">", "+", "~"]`

Author: Sounds good to me because we give more flexibility to users this way

Ignore universal selector if it's preceded by specified after combinators.

Given:

```json
[1] // maximum universal selectors allowed
[">", "+"]
```

The following patterns are considered problems:

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```css
*.foo * {}
```

> While the following patters are _not_ considered problems:

Reviewer 2: [suggest] Please keep consistency:

```suggestion
The following patters are _not_ considered problems:
```

Because the following script in our website repo would not work...

https://github.com/stylelint/stylelint.io/blob/4e562026b6c5aa0aa61ad0c437dba8881a936e08/scripts/generate-docs.mjs#L62-L63

Author: We should replace it [here](https://github.com/stylelint/stylelint/blob/main/lib/rules/selector-max-id/README.md) too.
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/34133492/185091282-106fd657-a13f-411b-956c-3c86a9524e63.png)

Reviewer 2: Ooops. The following area should be green... 😓 

<img width="477" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/473530/185092390-4be3146e-226f-4af8-a507-c3eef86719df.png">

Could you please open a PR to fix the doc?

https://github.com/stylelint/stylelint/blob/2c2a57cdca138aa6afe225b90b3fa6d2110245fc/lib/rules/selector-max-id/README.md?plain=1#L97

Author: > Could you please open a PR to fix the doc?

Will be glad to help!

Author: Here we go #6276
